[diag] add gpio diag command support (#8316)
openthread/openthread: src/core/diags/README.md

stats cleared
```

> ### diag gpio get \<gpio\>

Reviewer: Update "Common Diagnostics Command List"?

Get the gpio value.

```bash
> diag gpio get 0
1
Done
```

### diag gpio set \<gpio\> \<value\>

Set the gpio value.

> The parameter 'value' has to be in range [0, 1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parameter `value` has to be in range `0` or `1`.
```
